OK so far we've been using the keywords components or views and that is fine but we react redux.
We need to use something else we need to use containers you know containers is just nothing different.
Our container is just a component that it's directly connected to redux state.
So just like here just to give you an example you could have a folder that is going to be called components
where you have a large list of re-act components and some of this components are I didn't just make
some calls to the read ex-state and maybe you could have other components just dump components that
do but pretty much nothing with redux.
So the thing is that readout is going to advise you to store all the components related to the state
read ex-state inside something that calls containers.
So real simple I'm going to go right here and see we have actions and reducers we will have a new folder
that is going to be called containers consist of UPS Lego containers all together and inside this container
I'm going to have something that it's going to be called movers list because we get a movie or movies
list so I going to create a new file.
It's going to be movies that don't list of movies underscore list and then that jazz.
OK.
So I'm going to copy pretty much the whole app.
Going to put it right here and I'm going to go back to app.
You know it's going to delete all this logic because we don't need it.
I'm going to delete the component will mount because again we don't need it.
We don't need the render list.
We need the render going into the demobbed state to process.
I'm just going to export the default app you know just like a simple component.
Now what we need to do.
And of course we're going to get an error message.
We're going to just delete this and right here we're going to make reference to this movie's list.
So I'm going to say your movies list just like that.
There we go.
Now we want to access this movie list to render whatever we have right here.
We need to we need to import that.
So I'm going to say import
import and then it's going to be movies list from.
And again we need to call to access the containers and inside the containers we can have something that
calls movies list and that's good.
You know we all did this.
It's just a component that it's calling a child component.
Now inside this I made a mistake right here inside the movers list.
We just need to change everything so we can use that name.
So it's going to be just movies list.
And instead of just app it's going to be movies list.
Now just something real simple.
Let me just reload the page and OK I can solve actions in users.
OK.
So I change everything one directory up.
I will just need to do this again.
It's going to be dot for Slash.
And then just move this list now.
I'm sorry.
It's going to be dot dot dot slash.
That's right.
And we go to actions and instead actions of course we're just going to import everything.
And there we go.
You know.
You might be asking yourself Is this really necessary.
Well you could take the easy way and just use components.
But really it's advice you to split everything everything up for performance reasons.
So again this is just up to you.
OK.
So now we just know the basics of redux on the next section.
We will start with a clean create re-act app and we're going to do more complex things with redux.
And don't worry we did they react project.
So we will create a reallife react redux project at the end.
OK.
We're going to do a large project.
So let's go to the next section and start with redux intermediate.